MY TALES
                       “Hey, sweetie what story do you want me to read you this night?” I asked my daughter as I headed for bed to tuck her in.
“Mummy I want you tell me the Covid-19 story, you always tell it like it actually happened,” she said smiling at me. If only she could believe it. I guess for a child her age the reality of having to be locked up for 24 hours a week would be utter terror.
               “Ok sweetie.”
       I know she is excited; she always is when I tell her the Co-vid Story. I didn’t understand it because she always got sad later into the story.
             I put her head on my lap as I began, “Once upon a time. A long time ago in the world, there was a pandemic. Popularly known as Corona, its real name was Coronavirus. A time when everything was practically put to a pause. Everybody had to stay locked up in their house to avoid contacting the plague.
                 There was a young girl, her name Hope. She lived in our country. She was like everybody else, locked up in her house with her family. Like every other student she couldn’t go to school. Like every other idle person, she spent her day on social media, watching movies and joining every other trending challenge on social media….”
               “Mum what’s a challenge? You didn’t mention that before.”
“Sweetie, it’s when someone makes a video and other people try to mimic what the person did in the video.”
             “Like a dance video, maybe?”
             “Yes sweetie, now can I continue?”  She nodded, and I took her cue.
“……Now Hope hated being stuck at home. Her dad had made up this curfew, they all had to eat at a particular hour. Her dad had done this because the money in their family savings needed to be managed. They had to sleep at a particular hour, wakeup to pray at a particular hour. It felt like her life had been fixed to a particular nightmare.   
        She hated the fact that every time she listened to the news. Everything seemed like it was getting worse, people were dying more and more each day, and poor people were dying of hunger in their thousands. The worst part was that it felt like this living nightmare had no end.
          “Did you really feel like that Mum?”
“Dera don’t interrupt…. Wait what did you just say?” Has she finally believed me? Yet, how did she know the story was about me?
          “How did you know sweetie?”
“I told my friend, Dindu. She said her mum told her a similar story but that it actually happened to her. Then I asked Daddy about it, He said it was all true and that it was actually your story.”
       “So Mum was it really that bad,” she asked looking me in the eyes.
“Oh sweetie, it was a time worse than you could imagine. I can never forget it.” I said as I hugged her tight.
               
 
                

