TRUE LIGHT
              Beautiful skylines laced with the apexes of incredibly high skyscrapers. Decorated with the blinding lights that vibrated with colors and the busy buzz of night life. The never ending chatter of busy people. The oblivious spirits of the citizens that have fully embraced technology. The hums of patrolling robots. Obvious signs of a normal country in this time. Probably what they, the uncultured of the Techdark era would believe.
However, here in the Tower of Heritage protected by the light from the dark technology that had invaded his people, he knew better. He could see it all. All that should be but wasn’t. The darkness that had enveloped the very essence of the Africans, of Nigerians and what was to come if they did not act.  The utter chaos that was going to befall Africa, and Nigeria will be receiving the brunt of it. They were going to lose themselves again and this time, they would lose it forever.
For centuries, people of different tribes had come to the Tower, to join the battle for preservation while awaiting the resurrection of the full power of the true light.
Ezeugo, turned away from the window, and with a snap of his fingers he was at the door to the Central chamber. Pausing in front of the palm tree beside the door, the tree began to tie one of its palms round his already outstretched wrist, he dipped a fingers into the bowl of uli placed at the left side of the door and smeared it around his right eye to heighten his essence and spirit senses.
                He walked into the room and on getting to the Center of the Inner Circle of Ndu, he joined hands with the Leaders of the other tribes that formed the Inner circle. Just like him, they all had their palm fronds tied to their right wrists and uli smeared around their right eye. The other members had their palm fronds between their lips and had formed a larger circle around them.
         He began, “Millenniums ago, even before the Great Plague our people were without blemish. Until the Wašícu came and took away their essence and light. Taking our culture and leaving us with almost nothing. They inflicted the Great plague upon us while we were unawares and with deceit, brought the cure to us along with the Techdark era. They brought their technology which has for a thousand years stolen our essence, our culture and made our people become shells of themselves. They believe their technology is power but today they’ll know that our power of light and nature, Igwoogwu is the true light.
           Today, we resurrect the spirit of the gods of our country and that of our ancestors. Their spirits shall cleanse our country and destroy the impurities that has defiled it. With their light, we shall overcome the darkness of modern technology with light.”
              Now detaching their hands, they dipped their hands inside their ceremonial pockets and brought out a handful of silvery powdery substance. Instantaneously, they began to walk round the circle while sifting the powder on the ground to draw a perfect circle.
 Ezeugo took the lead and began the chants,
”Ka ndi nna nnaanyi binie na-onwu taata, ma hama Amadioha.”
In unison, all the others joined him as he continued,
”Ani mepe ka unu puta wee zoputa anyi ngwa ngwa.”
The earth beneath them began to tremble as if in fear. They chanted louder, and as they did a beam of light shot up from the center of the circle. They chanted even louder and more beams of light shot up and this time with a ferocious whirlwind that made them steady their feet to avoid being carried off.
  As quickly as they started, everything stopped. The wind and the chants but not the lights.
              The beams of light began to take shape in form of a luminescent tree. It grew past the ceilings of the tower and started to shoot up into the sky, lighting up the city and whatever its light cast upon.
Ezeugo took a step forward, placed a hand on the tree and roared,
 “My friends, The Great Purge has begun.”

