     A SECOND CHANCE?
       I felt the threatening sharp edge of the dagger press deeper into my throat. I kept myself perfectly still, better than any inanimate object possibly could. 
       “Now that’s better. As we’ve told you already, we’re just going to slice cleanly through your vocal cords,” The first man leered. His sounded like he had just taken a drag. 
       “Our boss was quite exact about ensuring you’re still alive and breathing when we’re done with you”, the second man said. He looked scarier, like he was the boss of their duo. The dagger he held to my throat felt a lot scarier than his face though.
       I can’t believe this is actually happening. This is ultimately worse than any nightmare of mine. I can feel my cheeks get wet from the flood of tears of my hopeless soul. Who would want to do this to me? “…You’re still alive and breathing…” my mind inwardly scoffed at that. I’d rather be dead. I can’t live without the one thing that’s my reason for living.
       “Any last words.” Mr. Drag said, laughing at me exposing his yellowish-brown tobacco rotten teeth.
       “You could sing it. After all it’s going to be your last song. Consider it your last debut”, he mocked. 
       I feel my already sunken heart sink deeper into my stomach. Would I really never be able to sing again? I could care less about losing my ability to talk again.  But my music, my voice, my joy bringer… That would be utter terror.
       I’ve never been able to imagine my life without music. The thought of it alone would give me goose bumps. I began a music career because I wanted people to experience the same joy I felt when I heard a catholic choir sing the Hallelujah chorus. I wanted ladies to know I understood their pain from a breakup, just like T. Swift had made me know. I wanted to bring happiness and comfort to depressed souls the same way Travis and Eben did for me. 
       Fortunately, I’ve been able to accomplish all these. But… But, I know now why I can’t accept this brutally bitter fate that has been dished out for me. Two reasons that have kept me praying for a miracle with my sixth sense. The first being that, I would rather they cut my neck off thoroughly than live a nightmare of a life without my music. The second, I haven’t told Mike how much I loved him yet. It’s the one thing he has always wanted me to sing to him about. Now, I wish had made it a daily wake up call to him.
       “We’ve given you enough time. I guess you won’t be having a last debut then.” Mr. Scary face spat. 
       “What a shame, I had my phone out to record it already.”
       I feel the dagger deepen its dent when I hear a gunshot. I open my eyes to see the dagger fall from Scary’s hand.
       Did my miracle indeed come?
       
       
       
