CURSED
It's our curse. Our punishment from the fates. A forbidden love between a goddess and a human. My curse forever to bear this burden alone until I'm of age. Then ours to bear when I come of age.
           Last time he was my cute neighbor next door. This time, the Fates made our souls even more miserable. Two lovers cursed to die born as siblings. Gods know, I've spent the last 9 years attempting death more than even trying to live. The Fates denied me that. It seems they want me to live out this particularly cruel nightmare since I was always granted death if I attempted in my past lives.
              Since the clock struck 12 declaring my 9th birthday and with it the activation of the 20th reincarnations curse. More than ever in my past 19 reincarnations, I craved the call of death. For this time I bear the pain of not only his imminent death but the pain of our parents. Even worse the pain of having a lover so close yet so far away. This time he isn't some stranger I could fall in love with, he is my brother flesh and blood.
                    The house is dead quiet as I wait. My stopwatch says its 10 seconds to midnight. 9 seconds to my 18th birthday. 8 seconds to the awakening of my lover. 7 seconds to the awakening of my powers. 6…5...4...3...2…1… My brother's piercing scream shattered the quiet of the house. I can feel he is in immense pain. He's soul is being overwhelmed by the existence of his past lives.
"Reina!! Reina!!" Hearing him call me by my real name brought a sad smile to my face. My door flew open and he rushed in. As his searching eyes met mine, I felt them. The tears pooling down my cheeks. My poor soul knew what this meant, it was time to die again. His arms gathered around me. I felt his tears too, as they wet my shirt. "We'll be okay Jamie," I held on tighter as pain and resentment filled my soul.
The injustice towards my lover and I stirred up something in me. Anger. Strength. Hunger for justice for our love. Jamie lifted his head, he must have felt my emotions.
"Reina, I sincerely hope you're not planning something stupid."
"What I'm thinking is anything but."
"I can't do this anymore. I can't bear wait to be loved by you for 18years just for you to die two days later. Jamie, I can't bear anymore to watch you die in my arms again." The newfound strength in me ached for justice. I can feel my whole body burning for it.
"I want this time to be different for us. I want to break this dreadful curse of ours. Death means nothing to me anymore Jamie. We've died to live more than enough. There's only one thing I want to do before dying again.
I want to set us free.”

