DREAMS
      Now I remember those times when I was asked to write down my hobbies. I’ll usually start with singing, dancing, reading, then last but not the least would be ‘travelling’. Funny truth is, the actual hobby was the thought of travelling.
             I’ve never traveled. The longest I’ve been in a car is the 40mins drive to my village every Christmas. Oh, and the 1 hour 30mins drive to Abia state for my cousin’s matriculation. Those don’t count as travelling experiences, though. At least not from all I’ve read.
               I’ve always believed that when I’d actually travel, I’d savor every second of the journey. That I’d breathe in that exhilarating breath of fresh air that comes from the wound down windows. That I’d see sights that’d remain forever imprinted in my memory. Yearned to meet people that would tell stories about their own travel experiences that would scare me or make me laugh. Then we’d become travel buddies during that time we’d be confined in a space.
                I’ve always longed for that plane trip where I’d get to sit by the window. I’d get to stare at the ground until huge buildings become like ants. Then I would be surrounded by the clouds then I’d wonder what it’d be like to grab a fluffy mound or what it’d be like to go skydiving.
              It feels funny though, because these all feel like dreams. Yet, a girl can only dream. It’s one of the few escapes we have.
            Truth is, they were actually dreams because a few days I traveled to Lagos for the first time with my dad.  Eehn, I can’t say they were all dreams though. I got to meet this guy whose mum kept my dad busy, thankfully! He is really hot. My first travel buddy was a hot guy! I remember how I felt when I saw the famous Onitsha Bridge. I was totally gob smacked, that was the biggest bridge I’ve ever seen. Wait, what am I saying? It’s not like I’ve seen any other one. Well it was one heck of a sight. Then the view of the river, it looked like it stretched on for like forever. I’ve definitely gotten new imprints on my memory. But - yh, the big but – for the breath of fresh air and winded down windows there was none. I can’t be ungrateful though, the A.C. was definitely on point. 
           Then as for my first plane trip returning home yesterday….. I definitely didn’t get the window seat. I got the one beside it, not too bad huh. I was still able to see all I wanted to see so long as I was inconspicuous. The woman at the window seat wasn’t the nicest. Luckily she went to sleep as soon as the plane took off. I was finally able to watch the clouds brazenly.
         My first actual travel may not have been, the dream. But, it sure did make traveling an actual hobby not just a thought.

